Added new ElevatedView control (#2704)
unoplatform/uno: doc/ReleaseNotes/_ReleaseNotes.md

﻿# Release notes

### Features

> - Added new `<ElevatedView>` in the `Uno.Toolkit` to deal with elevation & rounded corners on all platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new `ElevatedView` in the `Uno.Toolkit` to provide elevation & rounded corners on all platforms
```

>   (not supported on Windows yet, because need to target framework `10.0.18362.0`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (not supported on Windows yet, because Uno needs to target framework `10.0.18362.0`)
```
